the first step is to make our filling
we're going to put in these four
cheese's in relative proportions that
you see listed there in print this is
the parmesan this is the least of the
cheese's and then we're going to grate
some onion
this is not something it's going to you
can slice you actually have to grate
this you want this you want it to be
like a liquid almost you're going to get
a paste like this out of it and in all
you want about two tablespoons of this
of this liquid onion paste that is some
red onion to make up the rest it's just
because to what I had on hand is there's
scraps of onion you don't have to use
that you can use all the way down you
know or you can he was already Nia won't
make any difference then what you want
to do is you want to take this and mix
it together with your hand and you have
to keep working this work it together
until you've got ten of a solid ball of
cheese and it's going to take you you're
gonna have to mix this for about two
solid minutes before you you arrive at
that stage but after a couple minutes
you you get something that's cohesive
like this that's the ball now you want
to know how much dough to use well it's
easy you tear off a piece that's roughly
the same size as the ball of cheese just
kind of eyeball it if it's if it's about
the same that'll be enough though
so we have our dough
we're flattening out to a disc on a
floured board or work surface anyway and
we're going to use a rolling pin and get
this too once we've got this the set up
this is a 150 grams of cheese that when
I do it and now we need to begin folding
this into what's called a top knot so
I'm going to take this begin pinching it
around you don't have to be super
careful with this it's it's not like
making some grits where it's important
to be very very neat because this is
end up getting flattened down and what
we're working on right now is the bottom
side so it really isn't going to show
anyway but you do need to have a good
solid seal on this so that when it's
cooking the cheese won't run out that
will not be good so once we've got all
this gathered together here at the top
pinched into solid unit now we're going
to start flattening it down and a little
bit flat will bit more flour and start
flattening it from the other side and
you may discover this little pockets of
air in here that that may not be a good
thing okay so you might have to do is
take some kind of dowel a little knife
or something and poke the hole in it and
press all that air out this will seal
itself again anyway as it's cooking so
your idea here is that you want to make
this round and even if you absolutely
want to have the back of the seal one
and once you got it to that point now
you can start kneading the pan with
butter and we have a pan over a medium
heat on a still one to ten it's a six so
it's a close to medium a little bit
harder to medium and we're melting
approximately an ounce of butter into
this forward proceed
the butter is melted you can see little
bubbles coming up out of it and now
we're going to put this disk of pastry
down the good side the top side goes
facedown on the pan first and we're
going to cook this slowly this is a part
of the secret to this if you try to rush
it it won't be good you're going to cook
it slowly but as soon as we get a skin
form on that first side on the top side
and we're going to turn it over and
start cooking the other side so give it
about two minutes before you turn it
it's actually been about three minutes
now and now there's a skin on the other
side we were ready to flip it for the
first time
and I'm actually going to turn the heat
down now from six to five we're going to
slow it down even more and you'll begin
to notice after a couple more minutes
that this begins to to puff up and rise
and now I have to concern ourselves with
cooking the edges and how we're going to
do that is we're going to as as this
cooks we're going to push it against the
sides of the pan here leave it on each
side of the pan for a few seconds 15 20
seconds and keep working around it it's
important to seal the edges and get them
cooked too of course once it's had two
or three more minutes on this side and
we can go back to the first side again
and again we're going to we're going to
keep rotating this around pushing it
against the edges of the pan to keep
those sides cooking and this is going to
be a long process well not that long the
whole thing should take about 12 minutes
to cook and you can see in from the side
now how fat this is getting is this is a
continuing to cook and swell and here's
another couple minutes it's getting very
thick as you can see that's what we want
just keep turning it back and forth if
you get against the sides let it cook
through
then it'll be nice and flaky and it'll
be wonderful we're stirring if you try
to cook it fast
it'll just be browned on the outside
that'll be raw dough in the middle
eventually it starts getting lopsided
it's so big that it won't even stay
upright okay got this off the pan just
make it tight in fact a little bit of
cheese did start to come out of the
bottom but that's alright if it's long
it's just a little bit you don't really
want that but sometimes you just cook it
it thirty seconds too long you're going
to lose a little bit of cheese out of
the bottom but is it was just a
tablespoon so this is quite thick now
you're going to leave this to rest for
maybe ten minutes and let it it'll it'll
start to sink down as it that's been ten
minutes exactly by the clock
this is a ten moment of truth they cut
it open and you look inside and you've
got these wonderful layers also for my
cocktail book cocktails of the South
Pacific and Beyond advanced mixology
available through Amazon online